fapolicyd on Project and SmartProxy [Priority] (#2616)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-fapolicyd-on-server.adoc

If you are installing fapolicyd along with the new {ProjectServer}, the installation process will detect the fapolicyd in your {EL} host and deploy the {ProjectServer} rules automatically.
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{smart-proxy-context}"]
You can install `fapolicyd` along with {SmartProxyServer} or can be installed on an existing {SmartProxyServer}.
If you are installing fapolicyd along with the new {SmartProxyServer}, the installation process will detect the fapolicyd in your {EL} host and deploy the {SmartProxyServer} rules automatically.
endif::[]

.Prerequisite
* Ensure your host has access to the BaseOS repositories of {EL}.

.Procedure
. Install fapolicyd:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
# dnf install fapolicyd
endif::[]
ifdef::foreman-deb[]
# {package-install-project} fapolicyd
endif::[]
----
. Start the `fapolicyd` service:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# systemctl enable --now fapolicyd
----

.Verification
* Verify that the `fapolicyd` service is running correctly:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# systemctl status fapolicyd
----

> In case of new {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} installation, follow the standard installation procedures after installing and enabling fapolicyd on your {EL} host.

Reviewer: @mjivraja Can you please take one more look at this line? If you keep the sentence here, it looks like it's part of the "Verification" part of the module. Can you move it somewhere else?

> In case of new {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} installation, follow the standard installation procedures after installing and enabling fapolicyd on your {EL} host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.New {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} installations
In case of new {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} installation, follow the standard installation procedures after installing and enabling fapolicyd on your {EL} host.
```

Author: @maximiliankolb @adamlazik1 
I and @asteflova think this is a good idea to go with as it is getting confused with the Verification step from the readers perspective. What is your view on this?

Reviewer 2: Sure, I don't object.

[id="installing-fapolicyd-on-server_{context}"]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{project-context}"]
= Installing fapolicyd on {ProjectServer}
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{smart-proxy-context}"]
= Installing fapolicyd on {SmartProxyServer}
endif::[]

ifeval::["{context}" == "{project-context}"]
You can install `fapolicyd` along with {ProjectServer} or can be installed on an existing {ProjectServer}.
If you are installing fapolicyd along with the new {ProjectServer}, the installation process will detect the fapolicyd in your {EL} host and deploy the {Project} rules automatically.
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{smart-proxy-context}"]
You can install `fapolicyd` along with {SmartProxyServer} or can be installed on an existing {SmartProxyServer}.

> If you are installing fapolicyd along with the new {SmartProxyServer}, the installation process will detect the fapolicyd in your {EL} host and deploy the {SmartProxy} rules automatically.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are installing fapolicyd along with the new {SmartProxyServer}, the installation process will detect the fapolicyd in your {EL} host and deploy the {SmartProxyServer} rules automatically.
```

endif::[]

.Prerequisite

> * Ensure your host has access to the base repositories of {EL}.

Reviewer 3: Do you mean "BaseOS" repository or default repositories "BaseOS + AppStream"?

Author: `BaseOS` is must. No mentioning of `AppStream` till now. Renamed `base` to `BaseOS` :+1:

.Procedure
. Install fapolicyd:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
ifndef::foreman-deb[]

> # dnf install fapolicyd

Reviewer 3: Why do you use `dnf` here on EL? IMHO the attribute also applies for katello etc: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L88C2-L88C25

````
$ rg ":package-install-project:"
guides/common/attributes-foreman-deb.adoc
10::package-install-project: apt-get install

guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc
86::package-install-project: satellite-maintain packages install

guides/common/attributes-base.adoc
88::package-install-project: dnf install
````

Author: `package-manager` does not work with `Katello` and `Orcharhino`.
`package-install-project` has `satellite-maintain` instead of `dnf` for `Satellite`. 
`package-manager` does not work for Satellite in `Disconnected` mode but works with `Connected` one (strange).

The only option I had was this. :cry: 
An issue worth fixing.

Author: Yes. I will open :+1:

Author: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/issues/2621

CC: @maximiliankolb

endif::[]
ifdef::foreman-deb[]
# {package-install-project} fapolicyd
endif::[]
----

> +

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

. Start the `fapolicyd` service:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# systemctl enable --now fapolicyd
----

.Verification
* Verify that the `fapolicyd` service is running correctly:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# systemctl status fapolicyd
----

> In case of new {Project} or {SmartProxy} installation, follow the standard installation procedures after installing and enabling fapolicyd on your {EL} host.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In case of new {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} installation, follow the standard installation procedures after installing and enabling fapolicyd on your {EL} host.
```

[id="installing-fapolicyd-on-server_{context}"]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{project-context}"]
= Installing fapolicyd on {ProjectServer}
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{smart-proxy-context}"]
= Installing fapolicyd on {SmartProxyServer}
endif::[]

ifeval::["{context}" == "{project-context}"]

> fapolicyd can either be installed together with {ProjectServer} or can be installed on an existing {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: "You can install [...] or you can install it [...]".

endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{smart-proxy-context}"]
fapolicyd can either be installed together with {SmartProxyServer} or can be installed on an existing {SmartProxyServer}.
endif::[]

> Use the following procedures to install fapolicyd on your {EL} host.

Reviewer: We should avoid self-referential descriptions like this (https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#shortdesc). I think it's perfectly fine to delete this line.

Author: Yes :+1:

.Prerequisite
* Ensure your host has access to the base repositories of {EL}.

.Procedure
. Install fapolicyd:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
# dnf install fapolicyd
endif::[]
ifdef::foreman-deb[]
# {package-install-project} fapolicyd
endif::[]
----
+

> . Start fapolicyd service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start the `fapolicyd` service:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# systemctl enable --now fapolicyd
----

.Verification

> * Enter the following command to verify the fapolicyd service is running correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that the `fapolicyd` service is running correctly:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# systemctl status fapolicyd
----

In case of new {Project} or {SmartProxy} installation, follow the standard installation procedures after installing and enabling fapolicyd on your {EL} host.

[NOTE]
====
ifeval::["{context}" == "{project-context}"]
If you are installing fapolicyd along with the new {ProjectServer}, the installation process will detect the fapolicyd in your {EL} host and deploy the {Project} rules automatically.
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "{smart-proxy-context}"]
If you are installing fapolicyd along with the new {SmartProxyServer}, the installation process will detect the fapolicyd in your {EL} host and deploy the {SmartProxy} rules automatically.
endif::[]

> ====

Reviewer: What would you think about moving this to the procedure introduction -- perhaps in the form of a deicision tree? E.g. "To install fapolicyd when installing a new server" and "To install fapolicyd on an existing server". My concern is that included here at the bottom of the module, the information is not visible enough.
